hello filming is on a ducana diet
Today we will prepare a tasty roll with
meat
You can start with the same on
protein vegetable addiction day there
what thoughts I have 4 eggs 4 eggs
I need a spoon of starch and salt
we beat instead of how little you can here
bran look as you prefer me about
you will need for another therefore i
right now I use starch that's it
neatly churning caste and neatly
and pour us on because our passports
was laid 1
I get such an omelette
look here is a roll we succeed
then bake it is not necessary only to
he stopped then I have chicken mince
here it is necessary peripetias tsybul it
fruit juicy salt pepper son seasoning
what in the darkness then I have somewhere 80
grams of grated cheese on Dukan
or if you do not have it at all well,
breaking on i in the form of an ogre I don't call
use 20 percent cheese glory and you
already see how you are
and here I have parsley so we take
but you need hot warm its principle
especially need to cool so we smear
good so layer
who loves how and who loves a lot of meat
how many there are and see the dependencies
whatever day you have protein or
No, but if you can vegetable them here
wrung some more of what you have
color something interesting how
so here so we smear good
sprinkle with cheese
if I advise without cheese too
not necessarily that i just
his grandfather's syrup will pritrushu for beauty
The day the property of the tree was aggression from me
frozen parsley
You can add garlic but I don't
add garlic mince there see how
we like to become and now we wrap up
as usual take nothing complicated
so here so principle who does not sit on
Dyukana's diet here when you roll bake
you can add flour a little bit and you can
add your ral mayonnaise so now
we take the park here it is all from candy
and again I think about 20 30 minutes like
see you in your oven before the roll
deliver out of the oven
it is better to not deploy at all
preferably that night put
the refrigerator here in olga
so that all the juice absorbed the ball certainly not
very cold but can not wait to cut
It is cut very well, that is, it keeps
form
juicy
cook it very easy this is like a recipe
for Lenin who does not want much
bother it here for you
so subscribe to my channel will
glad
put the husks bye